### Path Planning## Self-driving car Engineer nanodegree by Udacity# Student: Florian Wolf## 1. Project DescriptionIn Project the student writes a code to drive the self-driving car safely around a track. Input is sensor data. The cars Sensors create data from surrounding cars. A map with coordinates of the track is given.## 2. Project GoalsIn this project your goal is to safely navigate around a virtual highway with other traffic that is driving +-10 MPH of the 50 MPH speed limit. You will be provided the car's localization and sensor fusion data, there is also a sparse map list of waypoints around the highway. The car should try to go as close as possible to the 50 MPH speed limit, which means passing slower traffic when possible, note that other cars will try to change lanes too. The car should avoid hitting other cars at all cost as well as driving inside of the marked road lanes at all times, unless going from one lane to another. The car should be able to make one complete loop around the 6946m highway. Since the car is trying to go 50 MPH, it should take a little over 5 minutes to complete 1 loop. Also the car should not experience total acceleration over 10 m/s^2 and jerk that is greater than 50 m/s^3.## 3. SolutionA trajectory is generated for the car to follow. It consist of 5 anchor points. We use Fernet coordinates for our model. The first two points define the orientation of the vehicle. The remaining 3 anchor points are located 30 meters ahead.The points are converted back to Cartesian coordinates and a spline with 50 points is created.We have two different scenarios:Cold Start - when the car has no previous path points. All 50 points have to be generated.Warm Start - the car is already driving and can use the path points from the previous state. The spline is filled up until it has 50 path points again.We set 49.5 MPH as speed limit. The car accelerates ad brakes with a constant acceleration of 0.5 g. This way the maximum jerk is not exceeded.Our vehicles speed is determined by its leader car. It will adjust to its velocity. If the ahead car is slower then 3 MPH of the speed limit, our car will try to change lanes. The left lane is preferable to the right one. If a lane change is not safe, our car will slow down and adjust it speed to its leader.The rules to change line for our vehicle are the following:		the car will not go off-road or in opposite traffic		other cars in the destination lane are in safe distance		the left lane is preferred to the right laneOnce our car has successfully passed the slower vehicle, it will check, if a return to the right lane is possible. If other cars in safe distance, our vehicle will go back to the right lane to avoid slowing down traffic. 